Javascript import and require (#1327)
Techtonica/curriculum: javascript/javascript-import-and-require.md

# JavaScript - Require & Import

## Project Time

About 40 Minutes

- video and reference material: 20 minutes
- Understanding topics: 10 minutes 
- Pratice challenge: 10 minutes

## Prerequisites

- JavaScript 7

## Motivation

Javascript is one of the most used language. It is lightweight, Interpreted and Just-in-time compiled programming language with the first-class function. While it is most well-known as the scripting language for a webpage, Many no-browser environments also use it. JavaScript is a prototype-based, multi-paradigm, single-threaded, dynamic language, supporting object-oriented, imperative and declarative style.

Here in Javascript, Import and Require is one of the important part and  also crucial part of it. It major useful function, It help us to divide the files into different modules and divide our code modules in systematic ways.

```
Porject:
        assert
          |
          --> index.js
        img
          |
          --> file.png
        css
          |
          --> index.css
          
        index.html
```

> Now you will get one question in your mind that How we use index.js in index.html, Now Import and Require will come is use here and using these function, you can organize your work in systematic way.

Reviewer: JS doesn't come into an HTML file with require or import... it uses a <script> tag. 

Import and require are used to bring code **into** a JS file.

## Objectives

> - Create understanding of import and require in user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Understand and use `import` and `require` in a JS project

```

## Supplemental Materials

- [JavaScript reference](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference)
- [JavaScript Modules: ES6 Import and Export](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_3oSWwapPKQ)
- [JavaScript Import](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/import)
- [JavaScript Require](https://nodejs.org/en/knowledge/getting-started/what-is-require/)
- [JavaScript webpack resolver](https://webpack.js.org/concepts/module-resolution/)

## Lesson

**Why REQUIRE and IMPORT are important in Javascript?**

> Code is easier to manage when it is in small, bite-size chunks. This is the thinking behind keeping functions to only one task or having files contain only a few, or one, component at a time. Here both import and require play major role in minimize and allow us to handle large number of module effectively and efficently. It is mainly used to get modules from different dictionary and use them. If you have a complex app and have to scroll through hundreds or thousands of lines of code, then the job of debugging or just understanding the app becomes that much harder.

Reviewer: Did you take this text from here?: https://medium.com/@thejasonfile/a-simple-intro-to-javascript-imports-and-exports-389dd53c3fac

Javascript helps us out with this by having ‘imports’ and ‘require’. This is how you can write code in one file and share that code so it can be used by another file or files

**What are the differences between IMPORT and REQUIRE?**
|Import|Require|
|---|---|
|As import remains in stage three and not<br> enforced by browsers natively, we’re unable to<br> run any performance take a look at.|Presently once you use import in your code,<br> your transpilers it back to require,<br> the commonJS modeling system. <br>Therefore for nowadays each is the same|

> |Though there aren’t any performance profit at the instant,<br> however, I’ll still counsel to use import over<br> require because it’s about to be native in JS|As a result of import is native therefore<br>require doesn’t perform higher as compare to import|

Reviewer: Is this text from here?: https://www.educba.com/require-vs-import/

Reviewer: can you make it more clear that you are quoting text to create the lesson? Always cite your sources to avoid plagiarism.

If you'd like people to read a lot of an article,  just tell people to read it and give them the link, and any other notes.   If it is a short quote, just be sure to add quotes, or give it an article formatting, and provide a link at the end like this [from Google](www.google.com)

      
      ```
      import '../src/config1';
      import './config2';
      ```
3. Module paths:
      Modules are searched for inside all directories specified in resolve.modules. You can replace the original module path by an alternate path by creating an alias for it using the resolve.alias configuration option.
      
      ```
      import 'module';
      import 'module/lib/config';
      ```

## Codes

**Import code snippet:**

**Get Module using EXPORT**

dep.js

```
export{
  var bar = "do you love coding?"
  function foo(){
      return "yes, It is my life.";
  }
}
```

**Get Module using IMPORT**

```
import {foo, bar} from “dep”;
console.log(bar);
foo();
```

**Require code snippet:**

file.js
```
const Square = require('./square.js');
const mySquare = new Square(2);
console.log(`The area of mySquare is ${mySquare.area()}`);
```

square.js
```
module.exports = class Square {
  constructor(width) {
    this.width = width;
  }

  area() {
    return this.width ** 2;
  }
};
```

## Challenge

> 1. We will learn by doing and let us take example.

Reviewer: What does this mean?

Reviewer: Are these the directions for the lesson?

Please review the template to see what each section is for. https://github.com/Techtonica/curriculum/blob/master/_templates/lesson-v2.md

Reviewer: If you are trying to give them directions, please be a lot more explicit about what they should do.  Should they make a new function in the same file, or a new one?  Tell them what the function should do, and what the files should be named. Then tell them which file they should import it into, and call it.  Do they know how to validate that it worked?

# JavaScript - Require & Import

## Project Time

About 45 Minutes

- 30 minutes for the video and reference material

> - 10 minutes for Check for Understanding

Reviewer 2: Please make all these points like `Check for Understanding: 10 min` as in the template.

- 5 minutes for verify

## Prerequisites

- JavaScript 7

> - [JavaScript Import](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/import)

Reviewer 2: Please remove Javascript `import` and `require` from the prerequisite. We cannot expect someone to already know something which we are going to explain.

Reviewer: Yes, you can use this as a lesson material or additional Supplemental material instead.

Author: done

- [JavaScript Require](https://nodejs.org/en/knowledge/getting-started/what-is-require/)

## Motivation

> JavaScript is one of most used language. It is lightweight, Interpreted and Just-in-time compiled programming language with first-class function. While it is most well-known as the scripting language for webpage, Many no-browser environmemts also use it. JavaScript is a prototype-based, multi-paradigm, single-threaded, dynamic language, supporting object-oriented, imperative and declarative style.

Reviewer 2: Please use proper grammar: Javascript is one of `the` most used language. Do not use capital letters in between the sentences. Try to add something about import & require here.

Reviewer: They are not learning what JS is in this lesson.  They are learning about import and require.
check out the readme to see what else is included in the curriculum. https://github.com/Techtonica/curriculum/blob/master/README.md#week-3---javascript-fundamentals

Reviewer: Also, feel free to use other resources, but if you are going to copy text, cite your source and provide a link.

## Objectives

- Create understanding in user regarding of import and require

> ## Supplemental Materials

Reviewer 2: Please avoid using any reference or links as this is a mini-lesson.

Reviewer: what do you mean @Aayush-1999 ?

Reviewer 2: @alodahl I am suggesting to remove supplement materials.

Reviewer: Ok, I think I see what is happening.  Either these are:
1. intended to be required links for apprentices.  If this is the case, this section should be called ## Materials, because they are not supplemental. Also, tell them how long to spend looking at each link, and what to look at or notice if necessary.
2.  not required, but indeed supplemental.  If this is the case, these need to be moved to the bottom of the outline as the last section.

- [JavaScript reference](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference)
- [JavaScript Modules: ES6 Import and Export](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_3oSWwapPKQ)
- [Javascript require vs import in 3 min](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vGEnYyO_r2g)
- [Node JS Tutorial: Modules and require()](https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=understand+require+in+javascript)

## Lesson

> **Why both used required in today?**

Reviewer 2: I don't understand what this statement means.

Author: It is a mistake, I will correct it .

|Though there aren’t any performance profit at the instant,<br> however, I’ll still counsel to use import over<br> require because it’s about to be native in JS|As a result of import is native therefore<br>require doesn’t perform higher as compare to import|
|You will have dynamic loading wherever the loaded module<br> name is not predefined.Loading is synchronous.<br> Meaning if you have got multiple requires,<br> they’re loaded and processed one by one.|Import is asynchronous and may perform a touch higher.<br> Also, the require module system is not<br> customarily based mostly. |

**when we can and cannot use IMPORT in our Web Application?**

The **import** statement is used to get bindings which are exported by another module and imported modules are in strict mode whether you declare them as such or not. There is one condition when **import** statement cannot be used in embedded scripts, till the time you delcare type="module" in script file.

**why IMPORT and REQUIRE neither works in the browser unless you fake it with webpack or equivalent?**

> In javascript two different moules cannot be used togather, If one cannot be imported. So, we use [Webpack](https://insights.untapt.com/webpack-import-require-and-you-3fd7f5ea93c0) which have one impressive feature which is called tree shaking. This technique is uses to reduce the size of your javascript bundle.

Reviewer 2: Tree shaking is not the correct explanation of `why import and require doesn't work in the browser without webpack`. Please correct it.

Author: Can you suggest me, I am little new to javascript
